So let's create an interface.
So when I say interface.
OK, that's the key word in and we call this click event.
All right.
And just like anything, of course, meant passing and anything else, we're just creating here a body
of our interface.
So we're going to create that contract.
We're going to create that specific function that anybody can implement.
OK.
So let's say fun on click and we can pass a variable and we can pass a parameter on click a message.
Can it be a string type as such?
OK, and we're going to leave it as it is because the idea is not to implement inside of this event.
This is an interface.
The idea is that anybody who implements in this case, quote unquote inherits from click event, will
have to implement the UN click.
So the idea is that the implementation of this function is going to be at the class level, meaning
the classic, the class that implements this click event.
So let's go ahead and create a button class here, a very simple one called button.
And we're going to just pass that Val for in its constructor properties here, Val, and they say Label
B string type, and that's fine.
All right.
And how do we say that this will implement, right?
So in this case, Barton will implement click event.
Well, we put call in like this.
Just like inheritance, I say click event.
As such, the moment we do that, you notice something happens.
Now class button, it has Squiggly Red Line.
What does that mean?
It's go ahead and hover over to see what this button is not abstract and does not implement abstract
members.
So it gives us here an option to say you must implement members.
What members are we talking about?
Well, we'll talk about the on click member function.
So I'm going to go ahead and see implement.
And this happens.
This is happening because we're inside of a studio.
It's a very smart idea, so it helps us out.
So in this case, here, we have to implement that and say, OK and voila.
You can see now we have override fun on Click.
So this is the implementation and fact it says here to do not yet implement it because we haven't done
anything to implement the on quick function from our click event interface.
OK.
So here just again, we got all of that.
OK, just simply say print Alan.
Such and here I'm going to say clicked by and we just put a label, right?
It should be labeled.
Typekit there.
And here's a message, and I'm going to pass the message that it's been passed when we invoke or implement
on click and a few things you will see in Android Studio in this idea going to see that it says here
and there's AI there.
What that means is that implements function.
Click if you hover over.
OK, if you hover over this one here is going to say is implemented by button.
If you have over the second one is implemented in my control and that button.
So these are just visual representation.
They don't really matter much, but it's just if we're using Android Studio or any smart idea, we should
get something like this.
So there we go now in our main, I can say something like this foul button that says equal satiating
power button.
Now, be very careful.
There is, of course, button from Java that Ada boutiques.
This is from Java Library, so we want ours.
So make sure you get the one that has your name or that has your package name that we created.
There we go, and we need to pass a label.
So say label in this case button like that.
And then I can say button invoke the on click right.
So I want to pass a message.
The message is going to be a string that may say something.
This is a button.
All right.
Let's go ahead and run.
And you can see click to buy a button.
And here's a message.
This is a button now because we talked about how a click event at this interface, it doesn't really
matter who is implementing.
It could be related classes to button as we saw before, or something totally different.
So if I come here and create, for instance, another class called character such a pass and foul name,
such.
OK, and I'm going to also implement Click Event a section, and I'm going to have the same thing saying
that something has to happen.
This has to be string type there.
The same thing we saw before we have to implement the members.
So this is a contract because the moment you implement a click event, right, you say calling click
event, that means it's a contract, which means we will have to indeed implement it.
Don't click function.
If we had other functions at the bottom here, we will have to do the same.
It is a contract you can't get out of it.
That's the whole point.
So in this case here you can say alt or option.
Enter like this and see the option of implement members.
Hit Enter, enter again.
And you have it.
And now I can say something different and say print l clicked by Oops.
This should be inside of double quotes clicked by past name and a message and passed the message.
So now we can go to Maine somewhere else, or we can call it and want to create an instance of our character,
let's say Super Mario or something like this sequel to a character.
Make sure we get our character.
It's very important.
And then when I pass a name, I believe.
And then I can Super Mario that on click when he's clicked it.
Whenever I send a message that says, there's an actor, let's right.
And there we go.
So clicked my button, here's my suitcase, the button clicked by Super Mario.
Here's my shirt.
This is an actor.
And there you have it.
So now you've created an interface at the bottom here that has a function with nobody.
Because the idea is that this will be implemented at the class level, as you see here.
So every time that a character or any other class.
Once to take advantage of implementing this on Click.
They will have to, of course, implement the click event as such.
This is a very powerful paradigm in programming because it gives us a lot of flexibility as you can
see anyone by anyone.
I mean, any class can implement this interface.
Regardless of the relationship.
A character is not related to a button.
At all, yet both can implement click event very well.